
# HUD System

Manage UI elements intended to be in constant view of the player.

# Installing

(It's not actually published as a package yet, but once it is the following applies.)

Head to my [VCC Listing](https://jansharp.github.io/vrc/vcclisting.xhtml) and follow the instructions there.

# Contributing

This project uses [custom git filters](.gitattributes) to reduce the amount of noise generated by Udon and UdonSharp. These filters are not required in order to contribute, though without them all UdonSharp asset files will show as modified and those "changes" should not be committed.

# UI Material

This package provides a shader and material for UI to render above opaque geometry. It is literally just Unity's default UI shader, but with ZTest set to Always.

However since this requires editing the shader, this package does not contain a VRC Super Sampled UI Material that renders above opaque geometry. Even though their shader is also just based on Unity's shader, just like the one included in this package, their modifications are licensed under VRChat's license and I am not touching that with a 10 foot pole, aka I am not including a copy of their shader in this package. What I am about to say is not legal advice, from briefly reading the license I think you might be allowed to copy their shader and edit literally just that one line in your own project, so long as you do not distribute that shader in any way outside of publishing a world to VRChat. So no putting it into a public repository. I could be entirely wrong in many ways, I am no lawyer.

# Licenses

The HUD System itself is licensed under the MIT License, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md).

It includes third party code from the following sources and licenses:

- [Unity Shaders](https://unity.com/releases/editor/whats-new/2022.3.22f1#installs) MIT License, Copyright (c) 2016 Unity Technologies

For license details see the [LICENSE_THIRD_PARTY.txt](LICENSE_THIRD_PARTY.txt) file and or the linked repositories above.

Each third party licensed file contains an appropriate mention of its source.
